hey what's up I could put your bid
scoops and sir no more welcome back some
more new super mario brothers you
challenging challenges we have done Time
Attack we have done coin collection we
have done the one-up RAL and last but
not least we've done special but it is
not last but that is not last it might
be least but it's not last as well as I
think my coin collection we are now on
to we don't know cuz boost mode is a new
mode yes boost mode and actually we're
doing something a little different with
this one we are doing some little
different coops currently has the Wii
Remote and probably will be having the
Wii Remote the entire time because this
mode uses the gamepad yeah so sorry no
more we'll always be on the gamepad and
Coop's will always be controlling the
guy you see on the screen hopefully he
will be in kind of in control that's the
idea I hope hopefully sorry no more will
help a little bit we are now onto
piranha plant hideaway let's see what's
got to go on here use the boost blocks
to reach the glow ring so you gotta save
me and not let me touch those piranha
plants it looks like yeah it looks like
I was not doing super duper job there
build me it build me a bridge I need one
okay and actually yeah oh god I gotta
get there well here's my here's my meet
by the way so we'll be using these
obviously this time last time around yep
all right now I need bridges oh that was
my fault I thought I could run on that
and I fell through oh okay I was I was
like I didn't touch it no no I
I felt through okay now we get the we
get the hang of it now
I'm getting used to the gamepad boy I
think alright
does it look like that with the angle
their best way around but hey it's not
really time it's just is love a time but
i i i i thought i could either make it
which i could have and I was like no and
put a block there I need to go jump on
it for him for his goodness here I'll go
faster this time yeah I am I am ready to
go this time we are all prepared yeah I
got one that way down there thank you
you have to take that way okay I'm
getting I think I'm gotten back used to
the gamepad again and hopefully used to
disk enjoy hey I got a gold medal so I
know what I'm doing
granted you did most the work till your
Me's got a couple Duff's there well it's
okay
hope you guys enjoyed this one we'll see
you next time bye